README.md, before:

Multiplatform CTF implementation and use in UNIX-like operating systems
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The goal of the thesis is to provide an open-source implementation of
the Compact C Type Format (CTF) in the form of a C99 library with an
appropriate free documentation of both the format itself and the
corresponding API. A strong emphasis is being placed on the
multiplatform availability of the library - BSD, illumos and Linux
worlds included.

Functionality and correctness of the library will be verified by unit
testing of its core components with sufficient code coverage.  Part of
the CTF tool-chain is also a set of command-line utilities such as
one-way conversion from DWARF to CTF, merging two CTF data sets in one
(while creating a parent-child relationship), printing of the CTF data
and computing statistics.

A demonstration of the capabilities of the implementation is a
feature addition to the FreeBSD kernel debugger DDB - pretty printing
for the data structures used in the currently loaded kernel image. A
vital point is the comparison to other approaches that would aim to
solve this problem.

Another significant utilisation of the CTF data set is displayed in the
software component Type-aware KVM Library that builds on top of the standard
kernel virtual memory library to provide a type-safe interface to reading data
from a live kernel or a core dump originating from a possibly different
processor architecture.

The thesis will also investigate and discuss at least one other
direction of extending the technology - e.g. its use in compilers, system-wide
availability as debugging data even in production environments or enrichment of
the format by adding the support for C++ classes.

### Literature
#### The C Programming Language
* Authors: Brian W. Kernighan, Dennis M. Ritchie
* Edition: 2nd
* ISBN-13: 007-6092003106

#### The Art of UNIX Programming
* Author: Eric S. Raymond
* Edition: 1st
* ISBN-13: 007-6092025368

#### The Design and Implementation of the FreeBSD Operating System
* Authors: Marshall K. McKusick, George V. Neville-Neil, Robert N. M. Watson  
* Edition: 2nd
* ISBN-13: 978-0321968975

#### Solaris Internals
* Authors: Richard McDougall, Jim Mauro
* Edition: 2nd
* ISBN-13: 978-0131482098

#### D-Trace: Dynamic Tracing in Oracle Solaris, Mac OS X and FreeBSD
* Authors: Brendan Gregg, Jim Mauro
* Edition: 1st
* ISBN-13: 978-0132091510

Commit message:

README.md: Refactor
Add a summary of the problem solved to the beginning, and shorten the rest significantly (more to-the-point, less level of detail).

README.md, after:

Multiplatform CTF implementation and use in UNIX-like operating systems
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Compact C Type Format (CTF) is a light-weight alternative to DWARF for
storing metadata on symbols and types in ELF binary files.  CTF has seen
some usage in UNIXes like Solaris and BSD but has no open implementation,
poor or none documentation and very limited applications so far.

The goal of this thesis is to provide an open-source implementation of
the CTF in the form of a multi-platform C99 library
and properly document both the CRF and the corresponding new API.
The library should also be accompanied by some command-line tools such as
one-way conversion from DWARF to CTF, merging two CTF data sets in one,
printing of the CTF data, or computing statistics.

Besides the work on a core CTF library, the thesis should also show some
applications, with comparison to other possible approaches:

  * An extension to the FreeBSD kernel debugger DDB, pretty printing
    for the data structures used in the currently loaded kernel image.

  * Type-aware KVM Library that builds on top of the BSD standard
    kernel virtual memory library to provide a type-safe interface to read data
    from a live kernel or a core dump (possibly originating from a different
    processor architecture).

The thesis will also investigate and discuss at least one other
direction of extending the existing technology - e.g. its use in compilers, system-wide
availability as debugging data even in production environments or enrichment of
the format by adding support for C++ classes.

### Literature
#### The C Programming Language
* Authors: Brian W. Kernighan, Dennis M. Ritchie
* Edition: 2nd
* ISBN-13: 007-6092003106

#### The Art of UNIX Programming
* Author: Eric S. Raymond
* Edition: 1st
* ISBN-13: 007-6092025368

#### The Design and Implementation of the FreeBSD Operating System
* Authors: Marshall K. McKusick, George V. Neville-Neil, Robert N. M. Watson  
* Edition: 2nd
* ISBN-13: 978-0321968975

#### Solaris Internals
* Authors: Richard McDougall, Jim Mauro
* Edition: 2nd
* ISBN-13: 978-0131482098

#### D-Trace: Dynamic Tracing in Oracle Solaris, Mac OS X and FreeBSD
* Authors: Brendan Gregg, Jim Mauro
* Edition: 1st
* ISBN-13: 978-0132091510
